Let's breach.
There's been a chemical
weapon attack in Chicago.
Took out 188 people
in a matter of minutes.
We need to reassess
our treatment protocol.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
- Excuse me. sir.
- [SMASHING. WHOOSHING]
The second capsule is gone.
He needed his chemical weapon now.
All right. folks. this is our guy.
Then whatever he's planning.
it's already in motion.
- What's the address?
- 1634 Racine.
Sarge. you know it?
That apartment building
burned down in '01.
There's evidence suggesting
that our suspect
was a victim of the Heart of
Chicago Fire when he was a boy.
So you're saying
we created this monster?
Thomas Marr. He's 36.
♪ ♪
I saved him from that fire.
Thomas. can you take
the trash out. please?
[SIGHS]
I got three pages left in this chapter.
It'll be here when you get back.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
Come on. kiddo.
On your feet.
It's your week. Let's go.
All right.
[SIGHS]
[HUMMING]
Will be launched next month
at the company's...
[MUFFLED TV CHATTER]
Where President Bush is expected to...
[CHATTER CONTINUES]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[TRASH THUNKS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[DISTANT THUD]
Aww. come on.
Why is this happening?
[INDISTINCT VOICES]
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[DOOR OPENS]
What's going on?
- [FLAMES WHOOSH]
- No. no. no!
Fire! Fire!
[ALARM RINGING]
Get out of here. kid!
[PEOPLE SHOUTING]
♪ ♪
Mom? Dad?
[WOMAN SCREAMING]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[SHOUTING AND CHATTER]
Move!
[GRUNTS]
[YELPING]
I got you. kid.
♪ ♪
No. wait! My family's still in there!
You have to go back!
[SIRENS WAILING]
I need some help here!
- [COUGHING]
- Hank. you're good this way!
Make a hole! Make a hole!
- I need an ambo now!
- No. wait! No!
- You have to go back!
- Cranston. we have a child.
- Copy. I'm on it.
- My family is still in there!
Let's go. Let's go. EMT.
We got you.
- Help him. Sharon!
- I got you.
- My family.
We're gonna take good care of you. okay?
All right.
Firefighters are in the building.
My family.
[SIRENS WAILING]
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
I carried Marr out. got him in an ambo.
He was burned badly.
The rest of his family
died in that fire.
And you were one of the first on scene?
Yes. All right. we've got an ID.
Tell me we got something on a location.
No. We got no hits yet.
We got an age-processed image out.
It's attached to our BOLO
and an All-Call being broadcast
every 30 minutes.
CPIC's scouring cams and PODs.
Mass Transit's on all CTA feeds. but...
Look. he's got the skill set
to cover his tracks
and the cash to coordinate an attack.
We got to assume it's imminent.
But what the hell is
he trying to attack?
- Is... is it linked to the fire?
- Well. hold on.
It's no coincidence that it's
the 25-year anniversary. right?
Psychological motivation.
symbolic timing.
It all points
to an anniversary-type attack.
- Lenox?
- Right.
Uh. narrowing locations
for a potential attack.
you should focus
on indoor. high occupancy.
- Airborne dispersal?
- Yes.
He can get maximum saturation
in a contained space in still air.
There's a variety
of dispersal agents he can use.
And. remember.
we can't produce an antidote
without the chemical makeup.
so we need to find the chemical intact
- if we're gonna save anybody.
- Hey. hey.
I got a connect between Thomas Marr
and a nurse named Patricia Doughty.
Okay.
Patricia Doughty was his
foster mom for three years.
and she fought for him
when he got arrested.
But two months ago on Facebook.
she wrote.
"How happy am I that I maintain contact
with all of my fosters?"
Get me that address.
Everybody. keep digging.
Jay. Hailey. let's go.
[ENGINE REVVING]
You clock that with Voight?
There's more to this fire than we know.
Nothing's changed here.
We are right back in it.
No. it has.
We don't have to do this. Jay...
analyze Voight. protect him.
We're not police.
and we're not partners anymore.
That's not what I was saying.
I wasn't talking about us.
Okay.
But we could.
Hailey. if you wanted to. we could.
The past is the past. Jay.
Let's leave it there.
[MACHINERY HUMMING]
What's going on?
The baby's heart rate just dropped.
- Is she all right?
- The baby's fine.
We gave Hannah fluids and oxygen.
and the fetal heart rate
came right back up.
It could be
a transient response. stress...
Yeah. or it could also be
an early sign of exposure.
Yeah. we're running labs
right now. okay?
Same markers we'd check if
there was nerve agent exposure.
But once again. as of right now.
there's no confirmation of that.
- Dean.
- What?
It's really important
that Hannah stays calm.
You don't think I know that?
I'm not gonna upset her.
[APPREHENSIVE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
You were right.
I should have listened.
- No. No.
- You were right.
No.
I shouldn't have said what I said.
I shouldn't have said it. okay?
It'll be fine.
[SCOFFS] I told you.
You... you can look. but he's not here.
He hasn't been here
in a long time... uh. years.
And he didn't do this.
Whatever you're saying happened
with this airplane.
it... it wasn't Tommy.
He's not dangerous.
He's a child who got hurt by the system.
Clear. He's not here.
I told you... he's got
nothing to do with this.
Tommy's a victim.
You have no idea what he's been through.
188 people are dead.
I mean. we didn't come here on a whim.
Evidence led us here. You understand me?
Look at me.
Do you understand that?
- But he couldn't have...
- You can love him.
You can feel for him. have sympathy.
I don't care.
But you will not lie to me.
not with 188 dead.
[TENSE MUSIC]
Now. where is he?
[SHAKILY] I...
I saw him six months ago.
I thought he was doing better.
But with the anniversary of the fire...
He said he found something.
Kept talking about getting closer...
- Where?
- Please don't hurt him.
Where did you see him?
He has an apartment.
All right. our target unit's
on the second floor.
Offender's in possession
of a chemical weapon.
So that whole building.
that whole block is a hot zone.
So we mask up. move silent.
and breach quiet.
Dante. Kevin. I want you on the door.
Rest of us. we move as one.
Civilians are inside. so we clear first.
♪ ♪
What do you think you're doing?
We had a lead.
This is a federal case.
Sergeant. under my command.
Which you assigned me to run locally.
- We got a local lead.
- We'll take it from here.
Your team can hold the perimeter.
Conway. Sir... sir.
Sir. you can't do a kinetic breach.
We haven't cleared the building.
You know what that chemical can do.
You gotta approach silent. sir.
Your voices were heard. Step back.
Agent Upton. you're
with entry team... two minutes.
Hailey. you can't crash loud.
Jay. I'm good.
I'm going with my partner.
♪ ♪
You are green for entry. Breach.
- [DOOR CLATTERS OPEN]
- FBI! Search warrant!
Bedroom clear.
Bathroom clear.
Clear!
Command to Center. Apartment's clear.
- He's not here.
- Copy. Entry.
Transition S.A.C.
Everybody. hold the exits.
Marr could be on site.
Jay. wait!
[TENSE MUSIC]
Move! Move! Get out!
♪ ♪
[PEOPLE COUGHING]
Just keep moving. Get out. Get out.
Hailey! Hailey!
- Hailey! I don't see her.
- [COUGHS]
Hey. in here!
In here. Give me a hand.
- Come on. come on!
- Lift him.
Come on. let's go.
Come on. let's go! Let's go!
[COUGHING]
- Is anybody back there?
- There's no one there!
There's no one there!
[ALL COUGHING]
Anybody get eyes?
- Medics!
- Over here!
- Hailey!
- He was closest to the blast.
- He got hit with shrapnel.
- We got him. Move aside.
No sign of Marr. Hailey?
I'm good. I'm good.
Marr rigged that place.
You're gonna be okay. okay?
I'll be right back.
He was trying to get rid of evidence.
There's a bunch of tech up there.
He's got routers. PC. hardware.
It's all up there.
[SIRENS WAILING]
[TIRES SCREECH]
Is everyone okay?
Sounds like everyone's accounted for.
but Pascal. we got evidence
up there... tech.
We need it recovered before it burns.
We gotta knock this down quick
before everything incinerates.
We'll use a blitz plan
and ten seconds on the deck gun
before we run an attack line.
Copy. Chief. 40. let's move!
Let me take this down. all right?
And then we'll see what kind
of evidence we can gather.
Sergeant Voight. ERT's on the way.
Ah. no. sir. we've got
computers and hard drives
still up there... we can recover
them if we hurry.
[SCOFFS] We're not going in there.
What? Now you wanna exercise
restraint? Now?
Look. just focus on
putting the fire out.
You're wasting time here. Conway.
I have people at Med who need help.
and they're not gonna get it
without Marr.
We're following protocol.
We hold until ERT gets here.
Every second we waste
and we could lose someone.
We hold.
Lieutenant. where are you going?
There's been an explosion
at the offender's apartment.
Don't leave just yet.
Ms. Goodwin.
I'm no help to anybody here.
I'm going back there and helping out...
Trust me. You need to be here.
Please. don't leave.
We're going to allow
the family members into the ICU
to see them... in full PPE. of course.
Well. why does that feel
like a bad thing...
like you're bringing them
in there to say goodbye?
Yeah. like before it's too late.
- Are they getting worse?
- Nobody's getting worse.
Unfortunately. we're just
not seeing any evidence
that the bioscavenger's
neutralizing the chemical
in their bloodstreams.
So it's not working.
Well. it's buying them
some time. you know?
It's slowing the progression. but...
- How much time?
- Well. it's impossible to say.
But based on what we've seen.
based on Macy. not much.
Well. there's gotta be a way
to stop this thing.
PD and the Feds need
to recover the agent itself
in order to do that.
And from what I hear. they're not close.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[SOLEMN MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Uh. can we go in there and see them?
I'm sorry. pal.
The... the doctor's adamant...
family only right now.
[SIGHS]
We're family.
Just. uh. right this way.
[MACHINERY HUMMING]
Did Lizzie ask you to call us?
Uh. not exactly.
♪ ♪
[SIGHS] Oh. Lizzie.
- But they don't know how long?
- No. a few hours maybe.
- But with Macy...
- It could happen at any minute.
We need that chemical. Chief.
We get the chemical intact.
and the doctors can figure out
what it is and make an antidote.
Kelly. the second anything changes...
I'll call in.
Okay. thanks.
We got a quick knockdown
with the deck gun. Chief.
- Attack line's ready to go.
- Stand ready with that line.
- but wait for my call.
- Copy.
I'm telling you. you are
making the wrong decision.
People's lives are at stake right now.
This is an active crime scene.
It's my crime scene.
We're doing it by the book.
♪ ♪
Pascal!
What the hell do you think you're doing?
I told you to stand down.
I'm telling you for the last time.
If you don't stand down right now.
- there will be consequences.
- I'm going up there.
If you wanna stop me.
you got to send every man you got.
[RESPIRATOR WHIRRING]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I'm in.
Searching now.
♪ ♪
Pascal. you find anything?
Pascal?
Anything. Chief?
It's all scorched...
all of it...
the tech. devices. everything.
Dominic Pascal!
Oh. whoa. What the hell are you doing?
I am arresting you for obstructing
a criminal investigation...
- Oh. come on!
- And for interfering
with a federal agent
in performance of his job.
- It's okay. Stop.
- Chief. they can't...
Stop. I said it's okay. Go back to work.
Can I just get a moment. please?
♪ ♪
I'm sorry.
[HANDCUFFS CLICKING]
- They can't...
- They can.
Voight.
Sarge. this drive's got
a hell of a lot of data on it.
- Any of it usable?
- Uh. some of it's encrypted.
Some of it looks compromised
by the fire.
Yeah. but we got a lot open.
It's a lot of correspondence.
a lot of chemical research.
This can help.
All right. let's get it to Med now.
There's also a lot on the...
"Telegraph."
The "Telegraph"?
Yes. sir.
Marr reached out
to the "Chicago Telegraph."
This is all correspondence
from six months ago.
all about the Heart of Chicago Fire.
Marr reported that he has evidence
that CFD and CPD were negligent.
What?
Your name is on here. Sarge.
Pascal too.
All right. what else?
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
It... [GROANS SOFTLY]
Mm...
I don't know.
It's a lot to sort through.
♪ ♪
Okay.
The reason I was first on scene
that night is 'cause...
I was working a meth lab
in that building.
I had enough to shut it down.
but I wanted the players.
you know. so I needed to
connect them to the narcotics.
You were sitting on it.
Yeah.
I was.
Turns out that building was due
for a routine fire inspection.
I mean. I couldn't have notices
going out.
so I asked Cranston and Pascal
to hold the inspection for two days.
24 hours later.
the building burned down.
22 people died.
- None of that's public.
- No.
No. the...
the official cause was...
inconclusive.
He could be targeting all three of you.
[SCOFFS] Yeah. I didn't think
he knew. but yes.
Yes.
Listen to me.
You use that information
however you need.
- Voight.
- Use it.
Just find him. Let's go.
- The editor...
- No. we need it to be
this journalist.
The same Alana that's in
this email right here.
- If you have a warrant. I...
- We don't need a warrant.
We're not arresting anyone.
We're not doing a search.
I can't just let you in
to the news bullpen.
What's this?
I know our rights. I called him.
- I can't just let...
- We don't wanna go in. okay?
Tell Alana to come out.
We have information she'll want.
It won't matter.
Probably best we don't burn him
in front of a bunch of reporters. right?
- You here for me?
- Yes.
CPD. FBI.
You're in communication
with a Thomas Marr...
we have a bunch of emails from him.
Is there anything we're missing?
We often talked on the phone.
Do you have that phone number?
No. he always called me.
and he ran it through
an online scrambler.
That didn't seem off to you?
When working corruption stories.
whistleblowers are often paranoid.
- Do you have a way to find him?
- No.
- To contact him?
What did he say to you on the phone?
What did he want you to investigate?
He knew there was a meth lab.
He heard word of it.
wanted me to prove
that the authorities knew...
that 22 individuals and himself
were burned because of it.
Do you know what nerve injuries he had?
What they feel like?
They feel like you're still burning.
You burn and burn...
Did you ever meet him in person?
♪ ♪
You did.
You know I can use this entire interview
as confirmation for my story. right?
Did you meet him in person?
[MACHINERY HUMMING]
R-r-results shouldn't take this long.
They got a lot going on.
We're not the priority.
Can you... can you stop
doing that. though. the...
the pacing?
Dean. look. if it's not my fault.
it's not yours either.
Okay. there's nothing that you
could do right now. so...
[SIGHS]
Come here.
[ALARM BLARING]
[TENSE MUSIC]
- His sats are tanking!
- Forget the mask.
- No time. I'm intubating.
- Okay.
Laryngoscope.
I can't see... his airway's
full of secretions.
I need suction.
- He's in V-fib.
- Okay. move aside.
I'm starting compressions.
Charge to 200.
[MONITOR BEEPING RAPIDLY]
Charging!
Clear!
- Still in V-fib.
- Come on. Jamie.
♪ ♪
He's had two rounds of epi
and 300 of amio in.
Pulse check.
He's still in V-fib. Charge to 200.
Charging!
[TENSE MUSIC]
Clear!
♪ ♪
Okay. He's back to sinus rhythm.
Let's clear his airways.
[AIR HISSING. SLURPING]
Hank. we are out of time.
Holt's reached the threshold point.
and the rest of our patients
will be right behind him.
Tell me...
I can't tell you something
I don't have. Sharon.
Well. if there's anything...
You'll be the first to know.
Thank you.
[SIGHS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Target. location. anything
that gets us to Marr.
There's no locations listed.
We ran for any addresses.
your names... there's nothing.
Every chemical listed
we sent to Dr. Lenox.
but it looks like everything
we've already known.
- Well. Marr's whereabouts.
- We don't know.
- You gotta know something.
- Marr's a ghost.
He worked hard to be one.
We found he took online
classes on day trading.
He saved all his money.
but it's not traceable.
- Sarge?
- Yeah. go.
Thomas Marr met with
the "Telegraph's" journalist
- in person once.
- Where?
At an apartment where he was crashing.
We ran the address.
Unit belongs to a man
named Fletch Cousins.
He's a known meth cook.
Calls himself the Chemist.
Loves chemical compounds.
The journalist got the
impression that Marr and Fletch
knew each other well.
maybe even worked together.
He could be the source
of the chemical weapon.
Yeah. we're headed
to his to his LKA now.
I'm coming to you. Stay on it.
Secure.
Set in the back and front. It's a go.
I had to give the journalist
info in exchange...
It's okay.
She's gonna publish.
I don't care.
♪ ♪
FBI!
Hey! Get over here.
Get down! Down!
Do not move!
Keep your hands where we can see them!
- Hands behind your back!
- What's going on?
- Do not move!
- Get up!
You're working with Thomas Marr.
What? Who?
We're not doing that. You lie to me...
I lose my patience.
You want me to do that?
You're working with Thomas Marr.
Where is he?
- I don't know.
- What is he targeting?
- What chemical weapon
- is he...
- What?
- What chemical compound...
- I don't know
- what you're talking about!
- You better start knowing.
I know him. yes. but
I don't got
any chemical weapons for him.
I gave him one chemical. man.
- and it ain't a weapon...
- What is it?
Dimethylmercury.
It's a lipophilic toxin.
What the hell is that?
I-it's a toxin.
I-it's used in research.
It makes you numb.
It's toxic. yes. but it's not a weapon.
At worst. it mimics a heart attack. but
- only if a huge dose. man.
- Shut up. Shut up.
Get Tact up here to sit on this place.
Cranston.
- What?
- He died of a heart attack.
No history of heart problems.
Marr killed him.
[ENGINE REVVING]
The target is Cranston's memorial.
Marr's trying to pull every
first responder in Chicago
to one place.
A mass-casualty event of
everyone he holds responsible.
Yes. and the memorial fits
with what Dr. Lenox ID'd
as a good target location.
I'm en route now.
Look. I'm not gonna call the damn FBI.
I don't wanna pull
you guys into it either.
That's exactly what Marr wants.
We need the chemical. We need it now.
Kidd and I are coming.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
All right. we gotta move in
with a light footprint.
If Marr's here.
we don't want him spooked.
All right. Severide.
you and Kidd take lead on evac.
- People start to panic...
- Copy that.
- We'll move quiet.
- Yeah.
And move everyone out back to front.
All right. we split and search
for the chemical weapon
and the offender.
You get eyes on any type
of package or the target.
you call it in
and wait for me. understand?
- Copy that.
- All right. let's move.
It was a choice.
a choice he made each
and every single morning...
[TENSE MUSIC]
To put someone else's safety
ahead of his own...
not because of medals...
but because he cared about people.
That was his purpose.
That was his calling.
That's just who Chief Cranston was...
the kind of man who runs
toward the things
the rest of us run away from.
And that's what made him...
a hero.
The next speaker can come up.
♪ ♪
I got eyes.
- Beautiful words. Thank you.
- Thank you.
- He was a great man.
- Yes. he was.
♪ ♪
Chicago PD! Stop. Marr! Stop!
Don't move! Nobody move!
Everybody sit back down right now.
Come on.
Tell them to sit down. or I pull this!
Everybody. listen to him.
Please sit down.
It's okay.
- Yeah.
- Thomas. Thomas.
Thomas...
do you remember me?
Oh. yeah.
I remember you.
♪ ♪
I know why you're here.
I know. but these people don't.
They weren't there that night.
They're not responsible. I am.
Just let them all go. and I'll stay.
They're not responsible.
They are responsible.
They are responsible!
Every single one of them is responsible
for those deaths.
The CPD. the CFD.
I know. I talked to people.
They told me.
I found the records. I know.
I know there was a meth lab.
I know they held off inspection.
On police orders...
on my orders.
They held off inspection.
and my family burned!
Yes.
Yes?
Yes. we knew.
Yes. we thought we had time.
And. yes. we were wrong.
Thomas. this won't change that.
Come on...
put it down.
♪ ♪
You let my family burn.
I told you to go back inside.
I know. I remember.
You let them burn.
You let them all burn!
Thomas.
And now you and everyone here
is gonna know what that feels like.
You are all gonna know
what it feels like
to burn from the inside!
[GRUNTING]
Thomas. no!
Jay! You good?
I'm good.
It's okay.
Get Med on the line.
Let them know we have it.
And get me an ambo!
I need an ambo now.
[WHEEZING]
[SOLEMN MUSIC]
♪ ♪
What's happening?
We ran your tests
a second time just to be sure.
uh. but we saw no indication
of a toxic exposure.
What? How...
We think your baby's heart rate decel
was just a stress response.
All your labs were normal.
Obviously. we can run them
again if you like. but...
everything seems okay.
- [KNOCK AT DOOR]
- Hey. Hank.
Yeah?
Everyone at Med is stable.
Antidote worked.
[SIGHS]
That's great.
You know. I looked up
the case you were working.
Of course you did.
He was a well-known meth trafficker.
A lot of kids died from that meth.
You were close to catching the guy.
Asking for a two-day extension...
It was a meth lab. Jay.
Yeah. but the arson investigators
didn't think the meth started the fire.
That's why they ruled it inconclusive.
You know how many cops would
have made the same choice?
So it's not on me?
I don't think so.
I do.
♪ ♪
I'm... I was young.
I. uh... I thought time
was on my side...
Justice was on my side.
You're different.
[SIGHS]
♪ ♪
Hey.
Hi.
[ZIPPER CLOSES]
- When's your flight?
- Tomorrow morning.
Hailey. I stayed to work
this case 'cause you were here.
[SIGHS]
I came here because you were here.
Good luck. Jay.
I wish you the best. I always do.
Hailey. I'm sorry.
For what?
All of it.
I lost myself here
on this team...
this city.
And I'm sorry I couldn't find
my way back.
Sorry for all the wrong I did.
All of it.
I'm sorry that I lost you.
I'm sorry too.
What time is your flight?
I don't care.
Wanna get a drink?
[SOFT MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[WOLF HOWLS]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm